[docs] Update release notes for patch release (#4847)
canonical/multipass: docs/reference/release-notes/1.16.2.md

# Multipass version 1.16.2

> These release notes cover new features and changes in Multipass v1.16.2. This Multipass patch release fixes usage on the latest macOS 26, supports the new LXD backend, fixes backend issues in QEMU and HyperV, and improves process handling in Linux. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Multipass 1.16.2 patch release fixes usage on the latest macOS 26, supports the new LXD backend, fixes backend issues in QEMU and HyperV, and improves process handling in Linux. 
```
